dir2ogg version 0.9.3

Manifest:

README     - You're reading it now.
LICENSE    - The Artistic License, under which dir2ogg is released.
CHANGES    - dir2ogg's cvs commit log
install.sh - A bash script to automate installation.
dir2ogg    - The script itself.
dir2ogg.1  - The manpage for dir2ogg

Installation:

(Not so) new in dir2ogg is the install.sh script, which automates installation of
the script. You should only use this if you have root access to the computer
you are attempting to install dir2ogg on. If you do not have root access then
you will have to use dir2ogg from your home directory (perhaps you have a
/home/username/bin directory?).

To install simply run:

sh install.sh

Configuration:

dir2ogg supports MP3 ID3 tag preservation, but you will need pyid3lib, which is
a module that isn't in the standard library. It can be freely obtained from
http://pyid3lib.sourceforge.net/. To preserve WMA meta-tags you will need my own  
wmainfo-py library from http://badcomputer.org/code/wmainfo/. If you choose not 
to install these libraries, or just can't be bothered, the script will still work 
and scratch tags will be created using the filename as basis. 
 
To convert M4As you need faad installed.
To convert WMAa you need mplayer installed

Usage: 

Read the manpage for detailed instructions: "man dir2ogg", or type "dir2ogg
--help" for brief usage details. The script is extremely simple, so you
shouldn't have any troubles figuring it out.

Dir2ogg can take multiple filenames as arguments, and will Do The Right Thing 
based on the file extension. If using the '-d' flag, you may only give directories 
as arguments, not filenames and directories 

If you wish to convert m4a, wma and/or wav files using -d then the -m, -f and -w 
flags must be used respectively. Wav files are deleted by default, use -p to keep 
wav files after conversion.

The special characters '"', '*', '!', and ';' will be removed from filenames.
The special character '&' will be converted to 'and'. These characters are known 
to break the script when fed to bash. If you don't like the idea of this script 
changing your filenames that is fair enough, but I submit these characters have 
no business being in proper unix filenames anyway. If you want to write a patch 
that will escape them rather than change the filename I'll be happy to include it, 
I am just lazy and can't be bothered to do this myself :)

Bugs:

See the manpage. Please send bug reports to: dir2ogg@badcomputer.org

License and Disclaimer:

This program is released under the Artistic License. A copy is enclosed in the
dir2ogg tarball. If you make dir2ogg better the author would appreciate if you
send him a copy. This software comes without any warranty, and the author can
accept absolutely no responsibility for lost or damaged files.

Author:

This script was written by Darren Kirby ::
d@badcomputer.org :: http://badcomputer.org/

With contributions from:
Cameron Stone <camerons@cse.unsw.edu.au>

Date:
July 19, 2006.
